Project 3: Group Reflections Document
Due Friday, April 9, 2021, at 10:59p
Please submit one per group to the "Project 3 Reflections" assignment on Canvas


Names: Carson Saldanha, Charles Cao, Eric Tu, Sumedh Chilakamarri
EIDs: ccs3424, cbc2776, ekt452, ssc2536
Group Name: I GOT VM I CANT TALK RN
If a genie granted me a wish, I would wish for...
more wishes,
all As,
more genies,
all As




What did your group do well this week?
Thanks to the data structures design document, we were able to plan out 
many parts of the implementation early. This greatly helped us in setting 
up the foundations for our project in regards to the frame table, 
supplementary page table, and swap table structures.







What do you not do well?
We started on the data structures assignment a little late, mainly due to
us using slip days on the previous project and having exams for some
other classes. Therefore, our time management was a little hindered and we 
ended up starting our implementation a little late.








How could you improve?
We will make sure to devote an adequate amount of time to the project 
immediately after the exam and over the course of next week to get up to 
pace and finish it.







How well did your group communicate?  Describe any problems and potential 
solutions.
Communication as a group has gone smoothly. We've responded to messages in a 
timely manner. We haven't really notice any major problems with our 
communication. Overall, it's been pretty good.







How well did you share programming time and collaborate on the design?  
Describe any problems and potential solutions.
We think design ideas and implementations were split evenly among the group 
members without any problems.







What are your next steps?
Our next steps are to meet more regularly in order to make substantial 
progress on the project. We also plan on looking for more information about 
virtual memory concepts from any lectures as well as make more use of Piazza 
if we hit any roadblocks.







When are you meeting next week?
Tuesday around 12pm
Wednesday around 1pm
Thursday around 12pm
